[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Reminiscence
and reconnaissance ruled the day
as the Nautilus docked near
a small island for shore leave.
Jean and the others
were overjoyed to stand on
dry land once again.
That night, Jean's hunting party
brought back a baby
deer they had killed.
Enraged by their casual cruelty,
Nadia ran off into the night.
[dramatic music playing]
[birds chirping]
[banging]
Rise! Shine!
[yawning]
[yawns]
King!
Where are you hiding,
you silly boy?
Oh, Nemo.
Is Madame still asleep?
You knew it.
I can't remember the last time
she woke up at a decent hour.
If you stayed up half the night
fantasizing about Captain Nemo,
you'd sleep late too.
What could she possibly see
in a middle-aged guy
who dresses like that?
Hey, Jean.
You look like the canary
that got eaten by the cat.
Huh? Uh-hmm.
Are you worried about Nadia?
Uh-huh.
I can't figure her out.
Why did our hunting
bother her so much?
Why can't
she talk to anyone now?
I wish girls
came with instructions.
Well, you know what they say,
a woman's heart is like
the mystery of the universe.
You'll never understand
anything they do.
Well, it sounds
very usual of Nadia.
You don't understand her either?
You've witnessed
Grandis, haven't you?
I see what you mean.
Do you think Nadia wants to live
all by herself?
Maybe she does.
But humans were not designed
to live alone
and it only brings them misery
when they try.
Nadia will realize this
before too long.
Are you sure about that?
You can count on it.
So it's time for breakfast.
Why don't you fetch them?
Good idea.
[waves splashes]
[Jean] Nadia! Nadia!
Huh?
Are you up?
It's almost time for breakfast,
so you better hurry and wash up.
[groans]
Huh?
[King purrs]
[gasps]
Did you eat it?
Did I eat what?
Did you and the others cook
and eat that poor baby deer?
Just go!
King!
Don't try to hide from me, boy.
Why? Why are you so angry
with everyone?
Good morning to
you, Jean and Nadia.
Why did you kill
that small defenseless creature?
We did it so we could have
something to eat it.
Did you have to eat it?
[Jean] We have to eat
in order to live, Nadia.
[Nadia] You can eat food
that grows from the ground.
[Jean] What about people
that just can't subsist on
things like that?
[Nadia] Those
people don't exist.
They just haven't tried
hard enough to eat properly.
[Jean] Maybe or
maybe you're the one
who hasn't tried hard enough.
[Nadia] What did you say?
Uh, you're having
another lovers' spat?
-No, we're not!
If I had to eat animals
in order to survive,
I'd choose not to live.
[Jean] I don't see
what the big problem is, Nadia.
[Nadia] It's so savage.
[Jean] Why do you think that?
It's just good food.
[Nadia] Animals are
our companions, not food.
[Jean] But they become food
once you cook them.
Don't even feel sorry for them
when you see what you've done?
Why should I?
Because the only reason
they're dead
is to serve your hunger.
If there was a way to eat them
without killing them,
then I would do it.
Well, there's something
terribly wrong with you
if you can casually
kill animals
without feeling
any pity for them.
I felt kind of bad for
the baby deer
so I made a little grave for it.
[growls]
-I, uh...
-Huh?
-We better go play.
-[King purrs]
[chuckles]
Hey, stop.
Good morning, ma'am.
Come play with us.
I'm not a ma'am. [chuckles]
Oh, I'm sorry.
I have too much work to do,
but maybe after breakfast,
I'll have some free time.
Hmm, you're no fun. Go!
Pardon me.
I think you're putting a bit
too much pepper in there.
Just enough to
make it taste good.
It only tastes good
if you like too much pepper.
I'll decide how much
pepper to put in it,
and you'll like it.
I only bring it up
because I like to
actually taste my food.
Sanson, I know you're not
criticizing my cooking, right?
I'm just saying that I don't
like my food too hot.
You'll never draw the attention
of the pretty girl
if you're too critical.
[screams]
That was the whole can.
-I'm bored.
-[King purrs]
Go!
So all I have to do is connect
this circuit to this outlet?
Correct. That will
distribute energy...
What's distribution?
...throughout the entire
system.
-What's a system?
-I see.
Huh?
But what about
this circuit here?
[scientist]
That sends the current
-in the opposite direction.
-Boring.
-[Hanson] I think I understand.
-[King purrs]
Go!
[waves splashes]
Hmm. Hey.
Hmm?
That's enough. Go!
[King purrs]
Isn't that beautiful?
I wonder what's over there,
King. Hey, let's go exploring.
-[King purrs]
-Go!
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Don't forget to try in mind
[chuckles] [screams]
Oh.
I think I hurt my knee. Ow.
[King purrs]
What? What is it, King?
Huh?
-[King purrs]
-Railroad tracks.
[King purrs]
Hey, wait for me!
King, look,
I'm a choo choo train!
Choo-choo, puff, puff.
[mimics trains whistle]
All aboard!
Choo-choo, puff, puff.
[King purrs]
Hello!
-We should probably
go home now, King.
-[King purrs]
London Bridge is falling down,
falling down, falling down.
Yes, London Bridge is
falling down, my fair--huh?
[gasps]
There are two tracks now.
Which one do we take here, King?
[King purrs]
What should I do?
Let's see.
That way.
-♪ La-la, la-la-la-la
-[King purrs]
♪ La-la, la-la-la-la, la-la
Pop--oh, no.
They split into two again.
Again.
Thank you, stick.
This way.
-♪ La-la, la-la-la-la
-[King purrs]
♪ La-la, la-la-la-la, la-la
Hey. Oh, no.
Look what it did now!
It will be okay. Just watch.
♪ While the ants come marching
one by one ♪
♪ La-la, la-la
[humming]
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
Hmm?
Hmm.
[Marie] It's going to be okay.
Don't worry. Don't worry.
[King purrs]
[screams]
[panting]
Help! Help!
[King purrs]
[Marie panting]
Hey, look, King.
We found the ocean again.
That's where the Nautilus is.
[gasps]
Uh-oh. That's not
the Nautilus, is it?
[gasps]
-Lie down!
-[King purrs]
That's the ship--
that's the ship from my island.
[soldier] Which island would
that be, little girl?
-[gasps]
-[Kings purrs]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
Where have
you seen that ship before?
Answer me.
[King growls]
Why don't
you come along with me?
No!
Don't be so defiant.
The edge of a cliff
is not a safe place to be.
I'm not going.
-[screams]
-Huh?
[grunts]
[screams]
-[King growls]
-[grunts] Stop it!
-You're gonna make me...
-[King purrs]
[grunting]
[deckhand]
What's he doing up there?
Looks like he has company.
[King purrs]
-[grunts]
-[soldier] Hey.
Hey, what are you--
[grunts]
don't leave me here.
King, let's go.
[grunts]
[screams]
It won't be
that easy, little miss.
-[soldier] Hey!
-[gasps]
[soldier]
What's going on over there?
-We better run.
-Hey! Wait!
Are you all right?
Yes. Where's the brat?
-Huh?
-[soldier] She knows something.
[gasp] Come on.
[dramatic music playing]
[pants]
[gasps]
[soldier] They vanished.
[soldier] Slippery kid.
-[soldier] What now?
-[soldier] Let's flush them out.
[soldier] Understood.
[gunshots]
-[King purrs]
-[gasps]
-[soldier] There.
-[King purrs]
[gunshots]
[soldier] That's
just a mangy cat.
[soldier] She got away.
[soldier] She couldn't
have gone far. Keep looking.
[soldier] Understood.
-[soldier] Where did you
go, little girl?
-[Marie] Nadia.
[all] One, two, three.
[laughter]
[Sanson] Hmm.
Why do I always lose?
[Grandis] Because
you pick scissors every time.
[Hanson] That's right.
-[Jean] You make it so easy.
-[Hanson] That's right.
[nurse] Make sure to bring back
lots of firewood.
-[Hanson] That's right.
-[Sanson] Oh, bugger.
I have the worst luck.
Oh, all right.
If I have to go...
[all] Uh-hmm.
-[officer] The Nautilus?
-[soldier] Yes, sir.
It's definitely her crew.
[officer] Has
anyone spotted you yet?
[soldier] Not at all.
I'm well hidden.
We can take them by surprise.
[officer] We don't
have time for that.
We'll sail out as soon
as refueling is completed.
[soldier] But, sir...
[officer] We are here
for reconnaissance.
-Return to camp immediately.
-[soldier] Understood.
[soldier] Come out, come out
wherever you are.
-Blast.
-[soldier] Men,
we're to report back to the camp
on the double.
We're pulling out
earlier than expected.
-Move it!
-[soldiers] Understood!
[soldier] This is your
lucky day, kid.
[Sanson] If it weren't for
bad luck,
I'd have no luck at all. Hmm?
Why does an island this small
have a railroad system.
Nothing but big rocks.
Must be a quarry around here
somewhere.
Lord, it's hot.
Where is the wood?
-Jean.
-Hi.
You're not mad at me anymore?
You must help me find Marie.
-Huh?
-I can't find Marie or King.
They--you've gotta help me
look for them, Jean.
Uh-hmm.
[bird chirping]
Here, King.
Here, boy. [gasps]
-Sanson!
-Who's there?
Sanson, Sanson, Sanson!
-Hey!
-[gasps]
Sanson. Sanson. [sobs]
Marie?
-Ga... Ga?
-What do you mean by ga?
Gargoyle!
So you came back
for more pain, did you?
I guess I'll just have to
give you a beating, right?
[machine whirring]
How did you learn to do that?
You really
don't like to play fair?
What? Your dukes up.
[screaming]
Where's the Katherine
when I need it. [gasps]
My luck has changed.
In you go. [grunts]
-Move. Come on. Move, you relic.
-[Marie] Sanson. Sanson.
-It's coming. It's coming.
-[Sanson] [grunts] Just my luck.
Move! Move! [grunts]
[Marie] It's here.
[laughs]
[groans]
Oh, just look at what that
overgrown bucket of scrap iron
-did to my lucky hat.
-Hey.
[grunts]
Don't be a sore loser.
See you later.
Better luck next time.
[both] [makes sound]
Uh-oh.
What now? Yikes.
-This is bad.
-We win again!
-Bye-bye, you big old meanie.
-Sayonara to you, sucker.
[both] Uh...
Hmm.
[Sanson]
We spoke too soon, Marie.
Unbelievable.
-Look.
-Scissors. Scissors.
What is it that always
beat scissors?
Rock.
[grunts]
All right.
Let see you catch
Sanson's super-fast cannon ball.
[laughs]
[both] That was a nice catch.
But a really sorry throw.
[Sanson] Oh, come on.
[both] Please, make it go away.
[screaming]
[both] We did it once again.
[laughter]
-Well?
-Uh-uh.
Where in the world
could they have gone?
-[laughs]
-[grunts]
If there are
Neo Atlanteans here,
why isn't the Nautilus
doing anything about it?
[scientist] They're camped
on the north
side of the island and
well camouflaged.
We barely picked up
the magnetic trace.
Are you absolutely
certain it is them?
Yes, I am, sir.
The probability is absolute.
Very well.
Prepare the ship for
immediate emergency departure.
-[Electra] Aye.
-We are shipping out.
Break camp and prepare quickly.
Marie.
Here, King. Huh?
[King purrs]
King.
Where have you been, boy?
Where did Marie go?
[King purrs]
How can you not know?
You two went off together.
[Sanson] Whoa. Whoa.
I don't suppose this thing
will just give up and go home.
[screaming]
[panting]
-Any luck?
-[Jean] No. She's gone.
Sanson seems to
be missing as well.
Get a move on or
be left behind.
How rude.
-[King purrs]
-[gasps]
-[screaming]
-Nadia, Nadia, Nadia!
-[King purrs]
There you are. Where
have you been all this time?
-[Sanson] Gargoyle!
-Gargoyle!
-[all] [gasps]
-[screams]
-Whoa.
-[all] [gasps]
-[soldier] [grunts]
-[Jean] A Neo Atlantean.
[groans]
That man's been injured.
Die. [gunshot]
[screaming]
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
[gasps] What?
-[King purrs]
-[gasps]
Why?
Why did you have to kill him?
He was already badly injured.
That man had the gun pointed
right at you, Nadia.
That is not a valid excuse.
You murdered that man
in cold blood, didn't he?
Hmm. Hmm.
[King purrs]
Didn't he?
You're all murderers.
[cries]
[singing in Japanese]